Release 3.0.0 (#316)
nf-core/oncoanalyser: docs/usage.md

| `sample_type`   | Sample type: `tumor`, `normal`, or `tumor_normal`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `sequence_type` | Sequence type: `dna`, `rna`, or `dna_rna`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| `filetype`      | File type: e.g. `fastq`, `bam`, `bai`. All valid values can be found [here](../lib/Constants.groovy).                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `info`          | Additional sample info in the form `<key1>:<value1>;<key1>:<value2>;...`. Valid keys: `lane` and `library_id` for [FASTQ](#fastq) files, `longitudinal_sample` for mode [purity_estimate](#purity-estimate), `cancer_type` as a DOID that is passed to ORANGE, `read_group_overrides` to override and set BAM RG fields. |

Reviewer: Shouldn't the new `flowcell` be documented as well?
and `generate_redux_tsvs_only` ?

> | `filepath`      | Absolute filepath to input file. Can be a local path, URL (e.g. http://, https://, ftp://) or cloud URI (e.g. gs://, s3://)                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: Do `ref_data_base` / `ref_data_genomes_base` also need their own documentation in this file in an example or overkill?

- `--purity_estimate_mode wgts`: relies on SNVs, CNVs, and optionally LOH
- `--purity_estimate_mode targeted`: relies on SNVs only

The minimal inputs required are:

- Alignments or REDUX alignments from the **longitudinal tumor** sample
- PURPLE directory from the **primary tumor** sample

In the samplesheet the longitudinal sample must have `longitudinal_sample` set in the info field, for example a minimal
samplesheet starting from a primary sample PURPLE directory and longitudinal sample REDUX directory:

```csv title="samplesheet.purity_estimate.redux_dir.csv"
group_id,subject_id,sample_id,sample_type,sequence_type,filetype,info,filepath
PATIENT1,PATIENT1,PATIENT1-T,tumor,dna,purple_dir,,/path/to/PATIENT1-T/purple/
PATIENT1,PATIENT1,PATIENT1-L,tumor,dna,redux_dir,longitudinal_sample,/path/to/redux_PATIENT1-L/
```

Similarly, a minimal samplesheet instead starting from FASTQ for the longitudinal sample:

```csv title="samplesheet.purity_estimate.fastq.csv"
group_id,subject_id,sample_id,sample_type,sequence_type,filetype,info,filepath
PATIENT1,PATIENT1,PATIENT1-T,tumor,dna,purple_dir,,/path/to/PATIENT1-T/purple/

> PATIENT1,PATIENT1,PATIENT1-L,tumor,dna,redux_dir,longitudinal_sample;library_id:PATIENT1-L_library;lane:001,/path/to/PATIENT1-L.R1.fastq.gz;/path/to/PATIENT1-L.R2.fastq.gz

Reviewer: Should `redux_dir` here be `fastq`?

for one or more processes. Please see [Usage: Compute resources](./usage/compute_resources.md) for recommendations on
compute resource configuration.

To change the resource requests, please see the [max
resources](https://nf-co.re/docs/running/configuration/nextflow-for-your-system#set-max-resources) and [customise
process resources](https://nf-co.re/docs/running/configuration/nextflow-for-your-system#customize-process-resources)
section of the nf-core website.

### Container images

#### Custom containers

In some cases, you may wish to change the container or conda environment used by a pipeline steps for a particular tool.
By default, nf-core pipelines use containers and software from the [biocontainers](https://biocontainers.pro/) or

> [bioconda](https://bioconda.github.io/) projects. However, in some cases the pipeline specified version maybe out of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[bioconda](https://bioconda.github.io/) projects. However, in some cases the pipeline specified version may be out of
```
